hey guys today I got my Garmin Nuvi
six60
from eBay got it for $99
this one I got separately I paid about
six six seven dollars for I wanted to
expand the memory for this Garmin Nuvi I
just I just took it out of the box and
it looks like UPS doesn't require a
signature I got from the eBay daily
deals for $99 it's not a bad deal 4.3
inch screen so I'm gonna go ahead and
take it out and take it out of its
package see if it operates without the
AC adapter
maybe I should've quality home adapter
since I can't try it in my car right now
here we go
Wow see my image iPad 4.4.3 pretty large
I'll do another review from my car
eventually this will be on there this is
the sand mount in Australia what do you
call the friction mounts prevents from
sliding all over the place that's got in
let's go ahead and install this card
interesting because I don't know how to
open it
hmm
you don't like these packages okay okay
I finally was able to get the card the
SD card open other the case of these to
open up there yeah
you're supposed to read the push not to
pull anyways here it is this is the 2
gigabyte if you're almost called sandesh
micro SD card and is the transfer SD
card so I'm good and put that in lock
make sure get your GPS go ahead and put
push it in the slot and you're ready to
put whatever you need to in there maybe
videos I'm not sure posting those videos
yet but we'll see in the next review
right now there is no power on this but
we'll do the basic installations I want
to go rush it so this is pretty nice 4.3
diagonal four point three one two three
four and of course add another point
three not bad and in the back I believe
this is the battery I believe this is
the battery right here I am not quite
sure yet I'm not sure if this has an
expandable battery or any other yet and
for for this instance you're wondering
how will we get this thing installed
onto the GPS the friction mount since I
got on eBay I was worried that they
won't give me something that mounts on
to my dashboard yes they did send me
this they send me the Garmin mounts
let's see if we can try to install this
see how this works looks like goes this
way so you got this looks like it goes
here you push do something look slow
we're getting off now there we go
so we've got that secured and I guess
all you have to do is get this ball
inside the hole let's not work
I want to force it and break it up this
is bad mister this one detach it from
the nose you know what safer I think I
think it's safer to take off we don't
want to damage the units I know the yeah
it's mostly strong oh wow it's pretty
tight in there rim I'm about to try it
yeah got it so that's what it looks like
let's go ahead and slide into the place
area so that's what it looks like not
bad and then I'll do another review from
my car so far so good